docs: manually add additional subpaths to exports (#44076)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/angular-package-format.md

* `"default"` selects flattened ES2020 code for all other consumers.

> <div class="alert is-important">

Reviewer: In this case I think we can omit the alert

Reviewer 2: Ok cool. I guess we can also omit it then in the `creating-libraries.md` file?

Reviewer 2: okay. cool. I will update the PR. Thx a lot

* `"default"` selects flattened ES2020 code for all other consumers.

> > ℹ️ Some use cases require you to export additional files that are not part of the compilation and get added in a post-build step. An excellent example of such a use case is stylesheets. Since ng-packagr merges package exports we can manually export additional subpaths from our package.json.

Reviewer 3: I think we should leave out the `not part of the compilation` and `post-build step` part. The overall point is that libraries may intend to expose static files/assets. There are two different use-cases (which we may want to mention/show-case with the snippet below):

* Additional custom condition (like `sass`) are added to existing entry-point exports/subpaths (like `"."`).
* Files are made available through _new_ entry-points / subpaths with arbitrary conditions (like `style`).

```suggestion
> ℹ️ Libraries may want to expose additional static files which are not captured by the exports of the JavaScript-based entry-points. An excellent example of such use-case is the exposure of stylesheets. 
Tools like `ng-packagr` will merge handwritten `exports` with the auto-generated ones, allowing for library authors to configure additional export subpaths, or custom conditions.
```

<sup>Disclaimer: Not a native speaker so this may need some cleanup/and by no means the exact phrase is needed, but content-wise this may be good</sup>

Reviewer: Inside of using the information symbol, let's follow the docs styleguide and use the alert boxes. 

Can we add the below in https://angular.io/guide/creating-libraries#managing-assets-in-a-library please?
```
<div class="alert is-important">
When including additional assets such as Sass mixins or pre-compiled CSS files. You need to add these manually to the conditional ["exports"](guide/angular-package-format/#exports) in the `package.json` of the primary entrypoint.

`ng-packagr` will merge handwritten `"exports"` with the auto-generated ones, allowing for library authors to configure additional export subpaths, or custom conditions.

<code-example language="json">
"exports": {
  ".": {
    "sass": "./_index.scss",
  },
  "./theming": {
    "sass": "./_theming.scss"
  },
  "./prebuilt-themes/indigo-pink.css": {
    "style": "./prebuilt-themes/indigo-pink.css"
  }
}
<code-example>

The above is an extract from the [@angular/material](https://unpkg.com/browse/@angular/material/package.json/) distributable.
</div>
```

Reviewer: Some more changes following a convo with @devversion 

```suggestion
Libraries may want to expose additional static files which are not captured by the exports of the JavaScript-based entry-points such as Sass mixins or pre-compiled CSS.
 
For more information, see [Managing assets in a library](/guide/creating-libraries#managing-assets-in-a-library).
```

```json
"exports": {
    "./main": {
      "style": "./main.css"
    },

>     "./utils.scss": {

Reviewer 3: I think we should rather show an example with the `.` subpath, clarifying that it is totally okay to add an additional "condition" to that. See [here](https://github.com/angular/components/blob/e7a3f683c80601c6e023f25626cffb0aeafa9032/src/material/package.json#L21-L23), allowing users to write `@use '@angular/material';`
